Religious movements
Scotland: As of the 2011 census; 53.9 percent of the 
Scottish population was Christian, and the church of Scotland has held 32.4% of the religion in Scotland, and the other major religions in Scotland included: the catholic church, which accounts for 15.8 percent of the population. And Scotland's third-largest church is the Scottish episcopal, 

People of Color: Over 92% or nine in ten black churchgoers, attendees of primary Black Churches state that their church didn’t get affected by the pandemic that much. Pandemic and this could be a result of churches in these regions being more prepared for something like this because most people in the minority went there more often than not. 



Women's Rights
People of color -Affect: 
1780 and 1807 was the first recorded date of a widowed black woman voting, you might have noticed I said widowed, as married black women and their property automatically belong to their husband. Because the 1800s was a crappy time for women’s voting, without factoring black women voting because that would take until the 19th amendment which states “The right of citizens of the United States to vote shall not be denied or abridged by the United States or by any State on account of sex.”.

People of the U.S. -Affect: 
Before the 16th century, women would be treated as witches if they convinced someone to marry them in high heels. in the mid 16’th century Massachusetts made abuse illegal. In the 17’th Century, women were now allowed to own or manage property in their name if the husband was mentally or physically unable to do so.
In the 19’th century, from the 1820s through the 1900s abortions were outlawed. It took until 1920 for the 19’th amendment until women’s suffrage was allowed by law so, in the big picture, it took us longer than other countries to make our bill of rights accurate.



Equality/Equity struggles
-Asians -Affect:
In Asia, male children were preferred at birth, so a female child has to try a lot harder to get accepted by the family. Although this tradition is now less popular, it still happens. If these children get an education and overcome any health issues; it is still a challenge, as the tradition goes, it will be hard to overcome child marriage, as, in the region, 1 in 2 or half of girls in Asia are married before the age of 18.

-Indians -Affect: 
Equality is having a revolutionary effect on traditional life in India. No other country has known inequalities so gross or so long preserved as India has. Equality and equity are often thrown around by people with little knowledge of the concept, as equality means everyone receives the same amount of something, like communism. Whereas equity means everybody only accepts the amount they need. Say someone does not need two boxes to stand on because they are already tall enough, but the shorter person has two as well; they are equal, but it is not fair to each individual. Say the shorter person standing next to them needs a box to see over the fence, so the tall person gives the shorter person a box to stand on; now they can all see equal heights. In India; there is also a culturally ingrained parental preference for sons. So daughters have to try twice as hard for almost everything. There is a law that disempowers women in marriage called the dowry system. Crimes against women show an upward trend in India currently, particularly brutal crimes such as sexual harassment, r*pes, dowry deaths, and honor killings.
